New mode: generate BFF from a BBMRI FHIR store. (#24)
samply/TransFAIR: README.md

| `TF_RESOURCES_WHITELIST`                  | Transfers only resources according to the [Filters](#filters).                                                     |                                  |
| `TF_RESOURCES_BLACKLIST`                  | ignores resources according to the [Filters](#filters).                                                            |                                  |
| `TF_PSEUDONYMIZATION_ADDR`                | HTTP Address pointing to a service to map `SOURCE` IDs to `TARGET` IDs (see [Pseudonymization](#pseudonymization)) | none, IDs will be unchanged      |

> | `TF_BEACON_PATH`                          | Path to directory for dumping Beacon-related files.                                                                | /srv/transfair                   |

Reviewer: This should not be a extra variable, It should be a TF_FILE_EXPORT Path

Whenever TransFAIR encounters an ID from the `SOURCE` system, it will ask the service defined in `PSEUDONYMIZATION_ADDR` for the corresponding ID in the `TARGET` system (or vice-versa). We are currently defining a simple, implementation-independent API format in cooperation with pilot biobanks and will update this section once finished.

## Beacon 2

> Setting the environment variable `TF_PROFILE` to "BBMRI2BEACON" causes TransFAIR to extract information from a FHIR store and generate files in "Beacon friendly format" (BFF). These files can be imported into a Beacon API reference implementation running on site, providing the Bridgehead with Beacon capabilites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the environment variable `TF_PROFILE` to "BBMRI2BEACON" will extract information from a FHIR server and generate files in "Beacon friendly format" (BFF). These files can be imported into a Beacon API reference implementation running on site, providing the Bridgehead with Beacon capabilites.
```

> The generated files are deposited by default in the directory `/srv/transfair`. You can specify a different directory via the `TF_BEACON_PATH` environment variable. If you are using Docker for running TransFAIR, you can mount the directory as a volume, to make the generated files accessible externally.

Reviewer: The default should be something like /data

> The generated files are deposited by default in the directory `/srv/transfair`. You can specify a different directory via the `TF_BEACON_PATH` environment variable. If you are using Docker for running TransFAIR, you can mount the directory as a volume, to make the generated files accessible externally.

Reviewer: TF_EXPORT_FILE_PATH
